docs: add release-notes for language ports (#30868)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-java.md

  ```

- [`method: LocatorAssertions.toHaveRole`] checks if the element has the specified ARIA role:
  ```java
  Locator locator = page.getByTestId("save-button");
  assertThat(locator).hasRole(AriaRole.BUTTON);
  ```

**Locator handler**

- After executing the handler added with [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`], Playwright will now wait until the overlay that triggered the handler is not visible anymore. You can opt-out of this behavior with the new `setNoWaitAfter` option.
- You can use new `setTimes` option in [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`] to specify maximum number of times the handler should be run.
- The handler in [`method: Page.addLocatorHandler`] now accepts the locator as argument.
- New [`method: Page.removeLocatorHandler`] method for removing previously added locator handlers.

```java
Locator locator = page.getByText("This interstitial covers the button");
page.addLocatorHandler(locator, overlay -> {
  overlay.locator("#close").click();
}, new Page.AddLocatorHandlerOptions().setTimes(3).setNoWaitAfter(true));
// Run your tests that can be interrupted by the overlay.
// ...
page.removeLocatorHandler(locator);
```

**Miscellaneous options**

> - [`multipart`](./api/class-apirequestcontext#api-request-context-fetch-option-multipart) option in `apiRequestContext.fetch()` now accepts [`FormData`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData) and supports repeating fields with the same name.

Reviewer: Ditto.

> - [`multipart`](./api/class-apirequestcontext#api-request-context-fetch-option-multipart) option in `apiRequestContext.fetch()` now accepts [`FormData`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData) and supports repeating fields with the same name.

Author: ```suggestion
- New method [`method: FormData.append`] allows to specify repeating fields with the same name in [`Multipart`](./api/class-apirequestcontext#api-request-context-fetch-option-multipart) option in `apiRequestContext.fetch()`:
```
